Unit Learning Outcomes
1.
Design, develop and implement a Back end for a web application using Python and a framework.

Assessment Criteria
1.1
Design a Front end for a data-driven web application that meets accessibility guidelines, follows the principles of UX design, meets its given purpose and provides a set of user interactions.

1.2
Implement custom HTML and CSS code to create a responsive full-stack application consisting of one or more HTML pages with relevant responses to user actions and a set of data manipulation functions.

1.3
Build a database-backed web application that allows users to store and manipulate data records about a particular domain.

1.4
Design a database structure that is relevant to the domain, including relationships between records of different entities.

1.5
Design and implement test procedures (automated or manual) to assess functionality, usability, responsiveness and data management within the Full Stack web application.

1.6
Write Python code that is consistent in style and conforms to the PEP8 style guide (or another explicitly mentioned style guide, such as Google's) and validated HTML and CSS code.

1.7
Write Python logic to demonstrate proficiency in the language.

1.8
Include functions with compound statements such as if conditions and/or loops in Python code.

1.9
Write code that meets minimum standards for readability (comments, indentation, consistent and meaningful naming conventions).

1.10
Name files consistently and descriptively, without spaces or capitalisation to allow for cross-platform compatibility.

2.
Model and manage data .

Assessment Criteria
2.1
Design a data model that fits the purpose of the project.

2.2
Develop the model into a usable relational database where data is stored in a consistent and well-organised manner.

3.
Query and manipulate data.

Assessment Criteria
3.1
Create functionality for users to create, locate, display, edit and delete records.

4.
Deploy a Full Stack web application to a Cloud platform.

Assessment Criteria
4.1
Deploy a final version of the full-stack application code to a cloud-based hosting platform (e.g. Heroku) and test to ensure it matches the development version.

4.2
Ensure that final deployed code is free of commented out code and has no broken internal links.

4.3
Document the deployment process in a README file that also explains the application’s purpose and the value that it provides to its users.

5.
Identify and apply security features.

Assessment Criteria
5.1
Use Git & GitHub for version control of a Full Stack web application up to deployment, using commit messages to document the development process.

5.2
Commit final code that is free of any passwords or secret keys, to the repository and to the hosting platform.

5.3
Use environment variables, or files that are in gitignore, to hide all secret keys.

5.4
Ensure that DEBUG mode is turned off in production versions.